Feature/MTM-54278/Notification 2.0 Examples (#92)
Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-examples: notification2-examples/hello-world-microservice/README.md

Reviewer: suggestion: Leave a `README.md` in the old `hello-world-notification-microservice` directory, pointing to the new directory?  We've used the old URL in a few places so it would be polite to have it still work.

Author: Good idea. I will do that.

Author: Done.

# Introduction

> This example microservice demonstrates how to create a subscription and consume a stream of notifications using WebSocket protocol. The example microservice first creates a subscription and then proceeds to connect to the WebSocket server after obtaining the authorization token.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this sentence should list the steps in order (mention token creation for the subscription before mentioning connecting)

Reviewer 3: I am going to accept your suggestions below and mark this item as resolved.

Author: I really do not want to refactor hello-world-notification2-microservice any further as part of this PR. Let's please defer it. I merely moved if from where it was.

Reviewer 2: I can suggest a change for this instead

> This example microservice demonstrates how to create a subscription and consume a stream of notifications using WebSocket protocol. The example microservice first creates a subscription and then proceeds to connect to the WebSocket server after obtaining the authorization token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example microservice demonstrates how to create a subscription and consume a stream of notifications using WebSocket protocol. The example microservice first creates a subscription, then obtains an authorization token, and finally proceeds to connect to the WebSocket with that token.
```

The example microservice creates the following subscription to the specified device:

```json
{
  "source": { "id": "<DEVICE_ID>" },
  "context": "mo",
  "subscription": "<SUBSCRIPTION_NAME>",
  "subscriptionFilter": {
    "apis": ["measurements"],
    "typeFilter": "'c8y_Speed'"
  },
  "fragmentsToCopy": ["c8y_SpeedMeasurement", "c8y_MaxSpeedMeasurement"]
}
```

> The example microservice first creates the above subscription and then uses it to obtain a token. This token is used to access the subscription's WebSocket channel. Next a WebSocket client is connected; the client will listen for notifications of messages that meet the subscription criteria as they are sent to Cumulocity by the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example microservice first creates the above subscription and then uses it to obtain a token. This token is used to access the subscription's WebSocket channel. Next a WebSocket client is connected; the client will listen for notifications of messages that meet the subscription criteria as they are sent to Cumulocity IoT by the device.
```

As an example, if we post the following measurement from the specified device that meets our filter criteria above:

```json
{
  "c8y_SpeedMeasurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 100,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "c8y_Speed2Measurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 150,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "c8y_Speed3Measurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 200,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "c8y_MaxSpeedMeasurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 300,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "time":"2021-06-11T17:03:14.000+02:00",
  "source": {"id":"<DEVICE_ID>"},
  "type": "c8y_Speed"
}
```
we will receive the following message as we have specified to transform the filtered measurement to only include c8y_SpeedMeasurement and c8y_MaxSpeedMeasurement.

```json
{
  "c8y_SpeedMeasurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 100,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "c8y_MaxSpeedMeasurement": {
    "T": {
      "value": 300,
      "unit": "km/h"
    }
  },
  "time":"2021-06-11T17:03:14.000+02:00",
  "source": {"id":"<DEVICE ID>"},
  "type": "c8y_Speed"
}
```

## Prerequisite

> - cumulocity tenant with microservice hosting feature enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cumulocity IoT tenant with microservice hosting feature enabled
```
Sorry to be retentive!

  > Important: The Microservice hosting feature must be activated on your tenant, otherwise your request will return an error message like “security/Forbidden, access is denied”. This feature is not assigned to tenants by default, so trial accounts won’t have it. Contact [product support](https://cumulocity.com/guides/welcome/contacting-support/) so that we can assist you with the activation. Note that this is a paid feature. Microservice SDK for Java - Cumulocity IoT Guides
- contents of this repository

### Instructions

> 1. Create a test user using the Cumulocity Management UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a test user using the Cumulocity IoT Management UI
```

    - From the Application Switcher select Administration
    - In the Navigation pane expand Accounts and go to Users
    - Click on 'Add user', fill in the form for the new user, untick "Send password reset link as email" and provide a password
    - Click Save
    - Enable notification support:
        - Using Navigation pane, go to Accounts and then Roles, click on "Add global role"
        - Name the role "Notifications" and from the list of permissions tick "Notification 2" in Admin column
        - click Save
        - go to Accounts then Users
        - in the list, find the username created a few steps before and under "Global roles" open the dropdown
        - find and tick "Notifications" and click "Apply"
2. Creating a test device
    - open the demo directory

>     - edit the `device.py` script and provide the following credentials for your newly created user as well as the platform url:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - edit the `device.py` script and provide values for the following variables for your newly created user as well as the platform url:
```

'Variables' might not be right term. I might be wrong, but I don;t see the URL as part of the credentials (maybe it is, as an authority). Maybe 'settings' if there's no better word.

      ```python
      _tenant_id = ''
      _username = ''
      _password = ''
      _platform_url = ''
        ```

>     - create a device using `python3 device.py device` and make note of its id, example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - create a device using `python3 device.py device` and make note of its id, for example:
```

       ```console
       user@host:~$ python3 device.py device
       user@host:~$ Device id: 203
       ```
3. Build the microservice
    - edit the `application.properties` located in `src/main/resources`
        - replace the device id `203` in `example.source.id` with your device id
    - build the microservice using `mvn clean install`
        - the microservice will build under `target/` and will be named `hello-notification-<VERSION>.zip`
4. Deploy the microservice either
    - by uploading application to the platform:
        - back in your browser, in Administration dashboard, from Navigation expand Applications and select Own applications
        - click on 'Add application', 'Upload Microservice' and 'Upload file'
        - select the `zip` microservice file built in step 3
        - when prompted to subscribe select 'Don't subscribe'
        - switch to the test user, under Applications, Own applications select `Hello-notification` and subscribe
    - by running the application locally:
        - edit the `application.properties`

>         - uncomment the line containing `C8Y.baseURL` entry and provide the cumulocity platform url

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - uncomment the line containing `C8Y.baseURL` entry and provide the Cumulocity IoT platform url
```
